update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: None,
            None,
            None,
            None
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            25.6,
            56.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.9717,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.3477,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9116,
            25.8,
            56.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5356,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.9243,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.414,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5088,
            25.8,
            56.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.8,
            56.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.5483,
            25.8,
            56.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.414,
            25.8,
            56.5
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8042,
            25.8,
            56.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5088,
            25.8,
            56.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.5483,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4819,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8848,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6162,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.7837,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2134,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4282,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4819,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5625,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5356,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.2466,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8311,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.602,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.602,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.602,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2671,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5625,
            25.8,
            56.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6699,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.9985,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7505,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.1865,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.1865,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4282,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.4946,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.414,
            25.8,
            56.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.5752,
            25.8,
            56.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6699,
            25.8,
            57.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.4678,
            25.8,
            57.1
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.2339,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.0317,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2134,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.5688,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8848,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.4077,
            25.8,
            57.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5625,
            25.8,
            57.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.1929,
            25.8,
            57.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6162,
            25.8,
            57.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.5752,
            25.8,
            57.5
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5356,
            25.8,
            57.5
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.8437,
            25.8,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.0459,
            25.8,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4282,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            214.7632,
            25.8,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.8,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9116,
            25.8,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.1328,
            25.8,
            57.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.2734,
            25.8,
            57.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4819,
            25.8,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5088,
            25.8,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.8911,
            25.8,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.1929,
            25.8,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2671,
            25.9,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5356,
            25.9,
            57.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6431,
            25.8,
            57.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            215.4077,
            25.8,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2402,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.0996,
            25.8,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.9,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.1264,
            25.9,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9653,
            25.9,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5625,
            25.9,
            57.5
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.9,
            57.5
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5893,
            25.9,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7236,
            25.9,
            57.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8042,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8042,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9653,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8042,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.2671,
            25.9,
            57.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9116,
            25.9,
            60.1
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4551,
            25.9,
            63.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.4551,
            25.9,
            63.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            25.9,
            65.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7236,
            26.0,
            70.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7236,
            26.0,
            70.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            26.1,
            76.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9385,
            26.1,
            76.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8042,
            26.1,
            77.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5625,
            26.1,
            79.1
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.1597,
            26.1,
            79.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6162,
            26.1,
            79.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7236,
            26.1,
            78.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.0996,
            26.1,
            76.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            26.1,
            75.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9116,
            26.0,
            73.1
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7236,
            26.0,
            72.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.0728,
            26.0,
            71.4
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.5356,
            26.0,
            70.2
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            217.0459,
            26.0,
            68.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6162,
            26.1,
            68.1
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8579,
            26.1,
            67.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7773,
            26.1,
            66.7
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.7505,
            26.1,
            65.6
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.6431,
            26.1,
            65.0
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8311,
            26.1,
            63.8
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.9922,
            26.1,
            63.3
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
update_labels called
valores: 0.0,
            216.8579,
            26.1,
            62.9
temp_label updated
hum_label updated
amps_label updated
voltage_label updated
